General
In my third Semester of studying we were given the task to create a Coorperate Design, as well as a Website for
a fictional Company that we had to create. This company had to be in the healthcare industry.
We completed this project in a group of three. The following images will be in german.


Prototyping
The first steps were to gather some design criterias, so we know in which direction we wanted to go with
the project. We came up with squadUP, an App for freetime teambuilding for all kinds of sports.
So that if you would like to play for example football, but you don't have any people to play with, 
it's still possible to find team mates to meet up. 
Then we thought about key features, as well as the health aspects our product gives. It can boost your physical
health, because of more motivation through team mates and bonuses given by squadUP for using the app. But it 
can also help the mental health for people that are for example to shy to just go the sport court and connect 
with people via an app.

We then created a moodboard, to visualize colors, forms, images and fonts to get an even better idea of our vision. 
Along the work we made different tweeks to colors and fonts, but the basics of the moodboard helped a lot through
the project.

Another significant step of prototyping was the creation of our Persona. Our ideal user so to say. This was also a 
lot of fun to do.

The final part of creating the prototyp was making Wireframes and Gridlayouts to be ready to get to coding.
Now had all the infos and templates we needed to get started.


Logo
The Logo as a very important aspect of every Coorporate identity, so we had a fitting but also easy to remember
design for squadUP. We decided to go with a striking arrow that allows replaces the letter 'A' in squad.


Implementation
With all the given design criterias we were now ready to realize. The Website is a one-pager with all the 
important informations about squadUP. A contact form as well as a register form are accessable via the navigation
bar. We did not use any frameworks like React or Angular but vanilla html, css, javascript and php instead. We needed
php for login and register validations (so we also needed a database).


Result